README.md, before:

Flixel Power Tools
==================

Version 1.9 (final release)

November 28th 2013

By Richard Davey, [Photon Storm](http://www.photonstorm.com)

The [Flixel Power Tools](http://www.photonstorm.com/flixel-power-tools) are a package
of classes designed to provide extra functionality to your Flixel 2.5+ games.


Quick Install Guide
-------------------

Copy the `src` and `lib` folders into your ActionScript project. All the classes for Flixel Power Tools should be contained in

	src/org/flixel/plugin/photonstorm

Now read the "Getting Started Guide" in the `Docs` folder; it contains important information that will 
help you compile!


Getting Started Guide
---------------------

There is a comprehensive Getting Started Guide in both Word and PDF format in the `Docs` branch:

https://github.com/FlixelCommunity/Flixel-Power-Tools/tree/docs

Documentation is also provided built-in to the classes. AS3 IDEs such as FlashDevelop will
provide context-sensitive help for all classes and functions in the Flixel Power Tools.

Finally check out the home page at http://www.photonstorm.com/flixel-power-tools for updates.


Test Suite
----------

Get the full Test Suite from here:

https://github.com/FlixelCommunity/Flixel-Power-Tools/tree/test-suite

The Flixel Power Tools come with a comprehensive Test Suite. Use it to visually see the 
tools in action, and then learn from the source code and comments within.

To run the Test Suite launch the following SWF:

    Test Suite/bin/FlixelPowerTools.swf

If you don't have Flash Player installed locally then open `index.html` in a browser.


Classes
-------

The following classes are currently in the Flixel Power Tools:

* FlxBar
* FlxBitmapFont
* FlxButtonPlus
* FlxCollision
* FlxColor
* FlxControl (includes FlxControlHandler)
* FlxCoreUtils
* FlxDelay
* FlxDisplay
* FlxExtendedSprite
* FlxFlod (includes FlxFlectrum)
* FlxGradient
* FlxGridOverlay
* FlxLinkedGroup
* FlxMath
* FlxMouseControl
* FlxScreenGrab
* FlxScrollingText
* FlxScrollZone
* FlxSpecialFX
* FlxVelocity
* FlxWeapon

APIs Include

* FlxKongregate

Special FX Includes

* BlurFX
* CenterSlideFX
* FloodFillFX
* GlitchFX
* PlasmaFX
* RainbowLineFX
* RevealFX
* SineWaveFX
* StarfieldFX

Contributing
------------

I'm afraid that the Flixel Power Tools are no longer maintained by myself. I have moved on to [other things](http://phaser.io).

I would strongly suggest you start using the [Flixel Commmunity](https://github.com/FlixelCommunity) version of Flixel which contains updated versions of these tools.

License
-------

Copyright 2011 Richard Davey. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
      conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list
      of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
      provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY RICHARD DAVEY ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL RICHARD DAVEY OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the
authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed
or implied, of the FreeBSD Project.

[1]: https://github.com/photonstorm/Flixel-Power-Tools/issues
[fpt]: https://github.com/photonstorm/Flixel-Power-Tools
[ff]: http://flixel.org/forums/

Commit message:

Change from FreeBSD to MIT License
Flixel uses the MIT License, so that will make this all go much
smoother.

Done with the permission of Richard Davey, of course:
 - https://twitter.com/photonstorm/status/406107018475630592

README.md, after:

Flixel Power Tools
==================

Version 1.9 (final release)

November 28th 2013

By Richard Davey, [Photon Storm](http://www.photonstorm.com)

The [Flixel Power Tools](http://www.photonstorm.com/flixel-power-tools) are a package
of classes designed to provide extra functionality to your Flixel 2.5+ games.


Quick Install Guide
-------------------

Copy the `src` and `lib` folders into your ActionScript project. All the classes for Flixel Power Tools should be contained in

	src/org/flixel/plugin/photonstorm

Now read the "Getting Started Guide" in the `Docs` folder; it contains important information that will 
help you compile!


Getting Started Guide
---------------------

There is a comprehensive Getting Started Guide in both Word and PDF format in the `Docs` branch:

https://github.com/FlixelCommunity/Flixel-Power-Tools/tree/docs

Documentation is also provided built-in to the classes. AS3 IDEs such as FlashDevelop will
provide context-sensitive help for all classes and functions in the Flixel Power Tools.

Finally check out the home page at http://www.photonstorm.com/flixel-power-tools for updates.


Test Suite
----------

Get the full Test Suite from here:

https://github.com/FlixelCommunity/Flixel-Power-Tools/tree/test-suite

The Flixel Power Tools come with a comprehensive Test Suite. Use it to visually see the 
tools in action, and then learn from the source code and comments within.

To run the Test Suite launch the following SWF:

    Test Suite/bin/FlixelPowerTools.swf

If you don't have Flash Player installed locally then open `index.html` in a browser.


Classes
-------

The following classes are currently in the Flixel Power Tools:

* FlxBar
* FlxBitmapFont
* FlxButtonPlus
* FlxCollision
* FlxColor
* FlxControl (includes FlxControlHandler)
* FlxCoreUtils
* FlxDelay
* FlxDisplay
* FlxExtendedSprite
* FlxFlod (includes FlxFlectrum)
* FlxGradient
* FlxGridOverlay
* FlxLinkedGroup
* FlxMath
* FlxMouseControl
* FlxScreenGrab
* FlxScrollingText
* FlxScrollZone
* FlxSpecialFX
* FlxVelocity
* FlxWeapon

APIs Include

* FlxKongregate

Special FX Includes

* BlurFX
* CenterSlideFX
* FloodFillFX
* GlitchFX
* PlasmaFX
* RainbowLineFX
* RevealFX
* SineWaveFX
* StarfieldFX

Contributing
------------

I'm afraid that the Flixel Power Tools are no longer maintained by myself. I have moved on to [other things](http://phaser.io).

I would strongly suggest you start using the [Flixel Commmunity](https://github.com/FlixelCommunity) version of Flixel which contains updated versions of these tools.

License
-------

**Copyright &copy; 2011, [Richard Davey](http://www.photonstorm.com)**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the &ldquo;Software&rdquo;), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED &ldquo;AS IS&rdquo;, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[1]: https://github.com/photonstorm/Flixel-Power-Tools/issues
[fpt]: https://github.com/photonstorm/Flixel-Power-Tools
[ff]: http://flixel.org/forums/
